docs(browser-starfish): add note on resource parameterization (#8594)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/performance/resources.md

### Resource Parameterization

> To enable Sentry to group similar resources together, Sentry parameterizes resource URLs, removing potenially dynamic elements. This helps track the performance of a particular resource across different releases, even when they have dynamic segments (used for busting caches or CDNS). We are actively working on improving our parametrization strategies, when grouping improvements do ship, you will temporarily see instances of the new and old group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Sentry to group similar resources together, Sentry parameterizes resource URLs, removing potenially dynamic elements. This helps track the performance of a particular resource across different releases, even when they have dynamic segments (used for busting caches or CDNS).

<Note>

We are actively working on improving our parametrization strategies. When grouping improvements are released, you will temporarily see instances of new and old span groups.

</Note>
```

> To enable Sentry to group similar resources together, Sentry parameterizes resource URLs, removing potenially dynamic elements. This helps track the performance of a particular resource across different releases, even when they have dynamic segments (used for busting caches or CDNS). We are actively working on improving our parametrization strategies, when grouping improvements do ship, you will temporarily see instances of the new and old group.

Reviewer 2: Note: Resource parametrization is still a work-in-progress. As these improvements are made, you will will temporarily see instances of new and old groupings in your Resource Module.

Let us know of any feedback through our Github Issues.
